[Add-ins][All hosts] Changed developing office add-ins to right title (#2266)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/develop/develop-add-ins-visual-studio.md

---
title: Develop Office Add-ins with Visual Studio

> description: 'How to develop Office Add-ins with Visual Studio'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'How to develop Office Add-ins with Visual Studio.'
```

## See also

> - [Develop Office Add-ins](../develop/develop-overview.md)
> - [Core concepts for Office Add-ins](../overview/core-concepts-office-add-ins.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Core concepts for Office Add-ins](../overview/core-concepts-office-add-ins.md)
```
